## Project Meeting Minutes
## Group Members: khanhn2, larrylp2, mohanty7
---

#### <strong>Week:</strong>
November 1st - November 7th
#### <strong>Meeting Location:</strong>
ISR Lounge Area
#### <strong>Time:</strong>
6:00 PM - 7:20 PM
#### <strong>Summary:</strong>
This meeting we worked on our Final Project Proposal, discussing the specifics of our project idea and potential applications of traversals. This week, we finished up our Team Contract and Final Project Proposal, writing both of them as Markdown files and commiting them to our project repository.

---
#### <strong>Week:</strong>
November 8th - November 14th
#### <strong>Meeting Location:</strong>
ISR Lounge Area
#### <strong>Time:</strong>
6:00 PM - 7:20 PM
#### <strong>Summary:</strong>
Talk about the graph constructor/code weâ€™ve written since last week
Start at r/uiuc, for each user, read all the subreddits and make new nodes and make the connection
Finished data gathering
Talked about making tests and created test folder
Change timeline to do BFS before dijkstra
Amend meetings to be remote to accommodate group members
